# Best Deep Reinforcement Learning Research of 2019 So Far
https://medium.com/@ODSC/best-deep-reinforcement-learning-research-of-2019-so-far-e8e83a08c449

## Deep Reinforcement Learning in Financial Markets
This paper explores the usage of DRL algorithms to automatically generate consistently profitable, robust, uncorrelated trading signals in any general financial market. In order to do this, the researchers present a novel Markov decision process (MDP) model to capture the financial trading markets. They review and propose various modifications to existing approaches and explore different techniques to succinctly capture the market dynamics to model the markets. The then go on to use DRL to enable the agent (the algorithm) to learn how to take profitable trades in any market on its own, while suggesting various methodology changes and leveraging the unique representation of the FMDP (financial MDP) to tackle the primary challenges faced in similar works. Through our experimentation results, they go on to show that the model could be easily extended to two very different financial markets and generates a positively robust performance in all conducted experiments.

## Deep Reinforcement Learning for Cyber Security

The scale of Internet-connected systems has increased considerably, and these systems are being exposed to cyberattacks more than ever. The complexity and dynamics of cyberattacks require protecting mechanisms to be responsive, adaptive, and large-scale. Machine learning, or more specifically DRL, methods have been proposed widely to address these issues. By incorporating deep learning into traditional RL, DRL is highly capable of solving complex, dynamic, and especially high-dimensional cyber defense problems. This paper presents a survey of DRL approaches developed for cyber security. The researchers touch on different vital aspects, including DRL-based security methods for cyber-physical systems, autonomous intrusion detection techniques, and multi-agent DRL-based game theory simulations for defense strategies against cyberattacks. Extensive discussions and future research directions on DRL-based cyber security are also given. They expect that this comprehensive review provides the foundations for and facilitates future studies on exploring the potential of emerging DRL to cope with increasingly complex cyber security problems.

